# Responding to change

Team members Danial and Ehsun implemented the system to email the user a one-time password upon logging in.
Due to the nature of agile, the requirement was worked on straight away because of the significance of the requirement as it was a top priority (mandatory) feature. This meant that all other features were put on hold until this particular feature was complete. As we were following the agile methodology, we were able to manage the change rather than prevent it. The feature was added to the product backlog as a mandatory feature. It was given an indvidual estimation, in terms of time and complexity and was completed immediately. Initally, we planned to use Amazon SNS service [Product Backlog] (https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-10/blob/89b9d8e4c5b4d7788bc22dfd1ecf659c7cb68b28/0_docs/product_backlog.xlsx) as we were already using Amazon AWS to store media content in the cloud. However, we found some complications with the Amazon SNS service and decided that as it was taking too much time to complete, we would choose an alternate method for two-factor authentication. So we decided to use the Java Mail API [Snaphot of Repository] (https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-10/tree/b0a0acee8cd4944f5e4d1eb088205ff4eea2fe8c). This was very benefical for us as we used the same Java Mail API to send email for forgotten passwords as well as notifications(lecturers to learners) for worksheet 2.
For 2 factor authentication we had to change some methods inside the controllers (part of the Spring MVC architecture) that enabled us to prevent URL manipulation thus making the site tolerant to attacker penetration. The impact on the rest of the features was not very significant as we didn't need to change other features within the application.
