# Automated Testing
We use Gherkin language to write down feature files, so as to be able to test the implemented features in Cucumber. We have used a mix of declarative and imperative style to design the features of the eLearning system. Scenarios and features have been defined in separate feature files, while the step definitions for Cucumber testing have been defined in a different Step Definitions file. Due to the complexity of having multiple step definition files, we have decided to keep all tests in one step definitions file. Moreover, we have also setup a database on Travis in order to successfully run the Cucumber tests. Some changes for this had to be made in the YML file for Travis. Our feature files test units of the system individually rather than testing the entire system everytime. For example; when testing the ability for a lecturer to add a course, we do not start at the login. 

# Manual Testing
Some features cannot be automatically tested e.g. we cannot check if an email has been sent to a user as we need our SMTP server for that and the time to learn new technologies like that is one thing that we don't have. We would also need manual testing for Worksheet 3 to show a user that an email has been sent to him for resetting his password and that a new course has been added. We would also need manual testing to differentiate between what the three different types of users, i.e. Administrator, Lecturer and Learner see on their screen (Difference in UI design). Manual testing comprises of screenshots of various web pages of our system and the outcome of pressing a button or entering data into the form.

# Pentetration Testing
We made videos to represent how we implemented penetration testing. The links for the tests are included in the docs folder. We used Spring Security to make our system tolerant against any attacks by manipulation of URL(s).
